friends here.
We're going to discuss about ways dot System off your waist model.
Actually,
this way is not system is a function.
Because if you are very here arguing parentis is the purpose off this way start system
function from your ways model is just to excuse you our operating system commands See as
off.
No,
we have seen some off the commands from your fight on to work with your opening systems.
Like ways dot list that we removed a tree cream Ignorantly change that.
We get current working battery,
right?
But in case,
if you don't have any command from your python to work with your operating system on if you
know the common off your operating system on if you want to execute you were opening system
Come and with fight on,
then this ways door system is helpful.
See,
there is a common called pwd.
Suppose on your UNIX like systems.
What?
Is that What you're getting current working directory or where you are on your terminal,
right?
See with your ways model night.
Where's door?
Get current working?
There it is there,
But I assume that you forgot about this ways.
Don't get cwt because if you go with ways door supposed ah,
listen,
territories There are different commands right from your fight on to work with your
operating system,
but by mistake ah,
otherwise are simply assume that I forgot about this aways door.
Get CWD with or listen territories.
Where is Lord Magnet is something like that.
Then what I can do is simply I can use ways dot system other than I can run my but your
operating system commands.
See that are then ways door system I can done.
Let's come in.
See that?
Put right,
you are able to execute.
You are operating system commands with help off.
Where's their system?
Not only Lennox.
You can also exclude from your windows as well.
Let me enter into my piped on.
Let me in Broadway's ways dot system.
I can run something like the Air Command.
Yes,
you're getting old.
Put right.
The It is the common for your of no suffering system to list your directories and files in
the current location.
Same thing you can run with your waste Gord system as well through bite on.
So simply where's that system?
Is helpful to excuse me.
What operating system commands.
See to clear my colonel.
Right?
If it is Lennox,
I'm using C el er clear command.
If it is windows,
how do you see?
Unless I see that what I'm doing ways dot System because I am on line excise off.
No,
I'm running with our system.
Clear now.
Your family is clearing.
Let me open.
You are Windows terminal?
No,
I am in potential,
but I want to execute windows Common called CLS.
Yes,
you can execute it.
You know what is the result?
Off CLS?
It will simply clear your screen.
Yes,
that's what it is doing.
But if you are very here,
guys,
while running your commons,
it may be any calmer.
Right?
See that put you're getting you're able to display your or put directly with help off your
way is not system right At the same time,
you're getting some written cord.
So here you are,
reading zero.
That means whatever the common you're running with the way the system that is success,
right?
Not only that,
here also let me simply run Ah,
ways door system.
No,
I am on UNIX box.
Simon Incredibly comer.
See the reserve?
You're getting part current working directory and also getting some geo.
There is a return court from your waist,
our system it really Jiro.
Then whatever the command you are running that waas success that was successfully excluded
by your way of your system,
let's say I'm running ways your system something called random common which is not a valid
come and ask for your operating system.
That's why I see the output body are getting You're getting some error.
Along with that,
they can call as non Jiro.
See that I'm not writing something like that.
R T equals two.
Where's dot system?
Some ls guys,
If I run in this way,
be clear,
it's very important what I order output you're going to get from your ways door system with
help off allow to run.
You are less common that output wound to go on store in tow.
This simply the return status off this executed syntax that will store into this rt.
That means in case if it is excluding successfully,
then juror will store into this Always non euro will start into that now see the output so
previously,
whenever if you're running your command,
you're getting all put and also some return court.
But now I am assigning that African according to some variable.
Now you're getting only open.
Make sure that where's that system or put your not able to store into any variable you can
store.
The only thing you can definitely display your put,
but what it will store in case if you assign your ways or system some commander put into a
variable,
What is the value you're going to store in the dark?
Simply simply the executed commander Status verities.
Whether it is such a sore fate,
that status you're going to store into RT,
right?
See that?
Let me make this simple script so that they can understand we a runways comments I'm
writing.
Runway is not the way our ways comments.
Interrupt this just for clarity.
Am ready run ways Commands dot people are any common also,
so I can run with help.
04 years.
I mean,
where is that system?
You're also having different positions case we will see we're going forward for timing.
It is important I am working with this.
See,
common is always a string.
You have to remember that suppose of my communities.
Let's a date coming Like I know what I'm doing is ways dot system Then you're coming.
So already I store my commanding to see Emily Variable as a string.
No,
I can provide that.
Let me a story and see the U.
S script ones.
Now I'm going to run this script.
You're getting old put right?
But nobody feel running your Where's your system from your pie?
Transcript?
No Nieto printed the result automatically the sprinting the result Right now what I'm doing
is maybe as of no dead command is perfect that we're getting old put right?
Maybe I'm taking some wrong command now.
See the output?
No,
they never If it is wrong,
command your waster system,
will you?
Some return courts.
I want to capture that.
Let me take r equals two.
What is that system?
Some calmer now I can take some of condition If rt close to Jiro then I can say that Bring
You are whatever the command you are having your comment was success successfully executed
else else?
Because if art is not equals,
two Germans fill Your common was failed Not but a symbol.
I can capture the return status off this command means if this command was success than I
can capture Jiro into this art available,
you can take any variably and not only rt simply I'm taking return code.
That's why I'm taking what is the variable.
But it can take simply X also right?
No,
See the output.
I'm running your script before running.
Just a weapon.
He was stripped.
Right?
See,
this is your scripture.
Now I'm running that.
See the result?
Your common waas failed,
right?
No.
See that?
What I'm doing is you were command,
right?
Yeah.
I'm going to give no valid,
valid common.
That is a valid command.
Right?
We'll see that your common was successfully executed.
So they make sure that ways dot system is used to execute your any operating system
commands on while excluding your commands with ways your system in your python skip by
default,
it will print the output off your comment on your terminal.
Well done in your script.
At the same time,
it is also given It is also going to give some Britain court based on whether you're
commanded.
Success or not.
If you're comin,
your successes,
your ways are system,
will you,
Jiro as the core.
If your command was failed,
then your waste Our system command,
will you written court are court as non zero value based under.
I can't decide whether the success or not.
Right.
Okay.
Okay,
so we're going forward.
We will use this ways or system command.
And we will write a lot of scripts using this way.
Start system I Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.